README.md, before:

# My Mahalla

My Mahalla - a mobile app to reach local government agencies. It helps Uzbek citizens reach government agencies and access their services via mobile app. No need to call or wait in lines anymore.

## How It Works

**My Mahalla** can be used as a tool to report issues with further detail as:
- Category
- Urgency level
- Geolocation
- Description
- Title
- Media


Citizens can report issues in more detail in an easy way and our app ensures that it reaches the appropriate authority.
This is a tool to send the request with detailed information to the relevant state authority.
We don't only deliver issues, but also group and filter them in a way that is convenient for the citizens to track issues.
Through the following statistics, we can see issues reported per organization in Tashkent region for 2 months (according to years until 2020). The highest number of applications was reported in Tashkent Mayor's office while the lowest number is recorded in the Ministry of Finance. Central Bank and the Ministry of Labor received almost the same number of reported issues.

<img width="622" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11291840/97618323-b1e90680-1a40-11eb-9b32-762c53eccdea.png">


## Application Modules

Authorization - user will sign up or log in to profile

1. Home - a user can see pressing issues, filter issues by category, and visit a group of issues stored under a particular category.


![page - home](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11291840/97618932-73078080-1a41-11eb-8473-dfe816fb70ea.jpg)


2. My Requests - a user can see self-uploaded issues/reports


![page - myrequests](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11291840/97618942-7569da80-1a41-11eb-95db-8d934a4ee07c.jpg)


3. Add Request - a user can send a report about the issue


![page - reportissue](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11291840/97618953-7864cb00-1a41-11eb-82ec-a45707c30087.jpg)
![page - reportissue2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11291840/97618977-7dc21580-1a41-11eb-936e-ae84f6b22370.jpg)


4. Search - a user can 


![page - search](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11291840/97618988-7f8bd900-1a41-11eb-9e5c-68a5b5dcedc5.jpg)


5. Profile - a user can see personal profile details


![page - profile](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11291840/97619005-84508d00-1a41-11eb-8215-e5dcb1589f7b.jpg)
*Note: Authorization feature is under process*

## Target Audience

Our target audience is citizens or people living in Uzbekistan who are facing issues, and government agencies such as:
- Ministry of Finance 
- UzNeftGaz
- Justice Department
- Central Bank
- Ministry of Labor
- Tashkent Region Mayor’s Office
- Ministry of Internal Affairs
- Tashkent Mayor’s Office

and others


## How to Run

0) Install Ionic if needed: `npm install -g @ionic/cli`.
1) Clone this repository.
2) In a terminal, change directory into the repo: `cd photo-gallery-capacitor-ng`.
3) Install all packages: `npm install`.
4) Run on the web: `ionic serve`.
5) Run on iOS or Android: See [here](https://ionicframework.com/docs/building/running).

Commit message:

docs: remove unnecessary images, add contributors

README.md, after:

# My Mahalla

My Mahalla - a mobile app to reach local government agencies. It helps Uzbek citizens reach government agencies and access their services via mobile app. No need to call or wait in lines anymore.

<img width="946" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11291840/97619555-2cfeec80-1a42-11eb-8ae9-5e23bb41f766.png">


## How It Works

**My Mahalla** can be used as a tool to report issues with further detail as:
- Category
- Urgency level
- Geolocation
- Description
- Title
- Media


Citizens can report issues in more detail in an easy way and our app ensures that it reaches the appropriate authority.
This is a tool to send the request with detailed information to the relevant state authority.
We don't only deliver issues, but also group and filter them in a way that is convenient for the citizens to track issues.
Through the following statistics, we can see issues reported per organization in Tashkent region for 2 months (according to years until 2020). The highest number of applications was reported in Tashkent Mayor's office while the lowest number is recorded in the Ministry of Finance. Central Bank and the Ministry of Labor received almost the same number of reported issues.

<img width="622" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11291840/97618323-b1e90680-1a40-11eb-9b32-762c53eccdea.png">


## Application Modules

Authorization - user will sign up or log in to profile

1. Home - a user can see pressing issues, filter issues by category, and visit a group of issues stored under a particular category.

2. My Requests - a user can see self-uploaded issues/reports

3. Add Request - a user can send a report about the issue

4. Search - a user can 

5. Profile - a user can see personal profile details

*Note: Authorization feature is under process*

## Target Audience

Our target audience is citizens or people living in Uzbekistan who are facing issues, and government agencies such as:
- Ministry of Finance 
- UzNeftGaz
- Justice Department
- Central Bank
- Ministry of Labor
- Tashkent Region Mayor’s Office
- Ministry of Internal Affairs
- Tashkent Mayor’s Office

and others


## How to Run

0) Install Ionic if needed: `npm install -g @ionic/cli`.
1) Clone this repository.
2) In a terminal, change directory into the repo: `cd photo-gallery-capacitor-ng`.
3) Install all packages: `npm install`.
4) Run on the web: `ionic serve`.
5) Run on iOS or Android: See [here](https://ionicframework.com/docs/building/running).

## Contributors
- Nodira Ibrogimova (software development)
- Vlad Azimkhodjaev (UI/UX)

## Contributing

If you have any suggestions regarding the improvement of the design or implementation, pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.
